New prompt option: `if-no-arg` (#17)
nanovazquez/yargs-interactive: README.md

| type       |  string      | _(Required)_ The type of the option to prompt (e.g. `input`, `confirm`, etc.). **We provide all prompt types supported by [Inquirer](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js/#prompt-types).**|
| describe   |  string      | _(Required)_ The message to display when prompting the option (e.g. `Do you like pizza?`) |
| default    |  any         | The default value of the option. |

> | prompt     |  string      | _(Default is `if-empty`)_ Property to decide whether to prompt the option or not. Possible values: `always`, `never`, `if-no-arg` and `if-empty`, which prompts the option if the value wasn't set via command line parameters or using the default property. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| prompt     |  string      | _(Default is `if-empty`)_ Property to decide whether to prompt the option or not. Possible values: `always`, `never`, `if-no-arg` (prompts if the option was not sent via command line parameters) and `if-empty` (prompts if the value was not sent via command line parameters and it doesn't have a default property). |
```
